b: Welcome to cocacola compani, Carlos. I am Bejamin.
c: Hello, it's nice to meet you.
b: Nice to meet you too, how are you doing today?
c: I am doing well, and yourself?
b: Great, thanks. I hope we didn't keep you waiting for long?
c: No, I had the chance to talk to one of your engineers while waiting.
b: That's good. Carlos, shall we start?
c: Yeah, sure.
b: First of all, I am the manager of our engineering department here, so we have been  
interviewing applicants to fill the position as quickly as possible.
c: Yes, I read about the position on Linkedin, and I think I am a 
good fit.
b: We currently have several ongoing projects and the team is working 
hard. We are hoping to keep busy for a long time.
c: What are the essential qualifications required for the position?
b: This is an entry-level engineering position, so we do require that you have at least a bachelors degree in 
computer engineering. Previous experience in the field is a plus.
c: What kind of experience would you count as a work in the field?
b: it would be great if you had some hands-on programming experience, 
knowledge of database systems or skills on developing applications.
c: My final school project was actually developing a mobile application, 
so I am fairly competent in developing mobile and web applications.
b: That's good to hear, changing the subjet.
b: What are you looking for in a job?
c: The job should definitely help me grow in my career. I will be happy 
to learn and grow as I work in a passionate company like yours.
b: You are right. There is plenty of room for advancement in our 
company. What are your strengths? Why should I hire you?
c: I am a objetive person and a fast learner. I am very eager to work. My 
friends and ex companions of work find very easy to work with me
b: well, its sounds good. do yo have any questions?
c: No, I think I have a pretty good understanding of the requirements
c: I hope to have the opportunity to work for you.
b: al right. carlos, it is nice to meet you. I can tell that you are a good candidate. 
Expect to hear from us so about the job.
c: ok thank you very much for everything, see you later.
b: thank you
